Records  
  
1. Responsibility - keep documents and records of students and other documents.  
2. Common Services - Depends on month COR, COE, GOOD MORAL graduate students TOR. undergrad can't have the TOR only for employment.  
3. People in Registar - Record staff Miss Rose and Sir Christian.  
4. Other Department needs in Records - Treasury Finance like enrollments  
5. Most Busy time - enrollment period  
6. responsibilities - sir christian pass document to ched for serial numbers miss rose responsibility is TOR, Miss Che. Common student question inquiry answer all student question.  
7. Task take the most time - TOR   
  
Enrollment and Registration  
  
1. step by step treasury -> clear previous balance -> go to admission. (old student)  
2. document need for TRANSFEREE -> TOR, Good moral, Honoral Dismissal.  
3. document for returning student - cleared to treasury ex. like student step out in school while still have balance then evaluation to check subjects already taken then admission for enrollment.  
4. How do you verify documents - admission validate the information and documents making sure it is legit and then pass it to admission for enrollment  
5. how student will be already enrolled - once student proceed with Down Payment.  
6. How registar handle the changes in curriculum - registar have enough time since 10 years before it change  
7. How registar handle adding and dropping -   
8. how late enrollment process handle - student will take the risk if they will still get the subject if it is already ongoing registar will approved it. BUT STUDENT WILL TAKE THE RISK.  
9. How student handle if they have remaining balance. if the student cannot settle their balance before finals they will have a special exam and then if still not their will be INC and deduction.  
10. how do you handle updates - direct communication with the records.  
  
student records and document management.  
  
1. Record of student - name, address, DOB, Guardian, Phone number.  
2. how do you handle student information update? right now records have portal to update it and also have hard copy of it if needs to be change  
3. How register find the student documents like TOR etc. - TOR 3-4 weeks, Grades if no back subject they will get it if the grade already give by the teacher.  
4. how do you handle duplicate docs - erase the duplicate document and retain the original copy.  
5. How do you check student information like grades - double checking by the records before it will be posted. if theres is wrong student will be advise to redo it.  
6. how registar handle drop, graduate student or alumni information - records have soft copy as well ched.  
7. if the student will not the one request the info - records need authorization to the student directly.  
8. how records handle lost damage document like accident - document make sure a have soft copy but need the document the hard copy and studn  
  
Inquiries  
1. common question - what are the program offered, how much tuition fee, hows the schedule, do you have scholarship, is this working student friendly?  
2. do you save or track student inquiries - yes, they include it in their daily and monthly report.  
3. how do you handle multiple concern to a multiple student - making sure one at a time to follow the process.  
4. how do handle request with missing information - they give 2-3 weeks TAT to check those information and advise student if there is.  
5. what usually report do you send - confidential, whats the marketing plan, what the sales plan, what the future process, downside of propose plans.  
6. how frequent you send and receive reports - every month.  
7. who review reports - Doc Chad  
8. Registar and admins staff authorirez person to see student records  
9. how do you prevent unauthorized access example student - all document only handle by record and registar keeping it safe.  
10. what are the biggest problem you encountered enrollment or process records - accounting side lile accuracy, records if he is irregular like missing doc like TOR take time for evaluation.  
11. human error when processing data and info common error - list of subjects.  
12. what task still performed mannualy and it can be automated - grades.  
13. what feautures do you suggest to help enrollment process - schedule program, like monday for BSBS and the for Payment like ONLINE PROCESS  
14. step to find the record of the student - they already have portalnto filtered the student data.  
15. what notification do you need to hear in the system - payment reminders for student.  
16. what student information should be visible in the records - status of enrolled student, balance, student regular or irregular.  
17. feature that dan help student to help student to submit document and track document - dashbboard in the portal where student can submit and view pending documents.  
18. approval control - Admission, Treasury, Records.  
19. per department for the use of the portal.  
20. best function for the records, visible student information.  
  
add and dropping go for the admission go to treasury get a form go to record the form.  
  
150 per subject.